In the last lecture I mentioned it.
I know when to build my own feature module in our recipe book application.
Let's start with the recipes feature here.
If we have a look at these recipes folder we see a lot of files which probably belong to our recipes
feature and can also see that in the AB module.
Here we see all these components and declarations aere which start with recipes like recipes components
list detail added and start all these components along to our recipe feature.
Now you might also say the recipes service belongs to that feature but I will come back to this later.
Now what we can do is we can go to the recipes folder and build our own file here.
The recipe module dot file again following this naming convention where we clearly describe what's inside
a file.
Here we need to export a class named recipe module like this.
And actually I want to name the recipes.
Mauch or just a little cosmetic thing but I think that's more in line with our Alber filename here.
So recipe's module like this.
And now to make this a module we have to add ngi module.
This decorator which needs to be ordered from an angle or course so ends the module from an angle or
core like that.
Now with this we're just like with components and directives where transforming there's normal typescript
class into something else into something and Lerch is able to recognize into a module.
Now in this NGI module here we can define the same properties as in our at module.
So declarations providers and so on.
Now let's think about which features which components and so on are only used by the recipe's module.
Well as I mentioned before pretty much all the components starting with recipe or containing recipe
somewhere in the word every component we can find in this recipes folder.
Now here.
I will therefore at the recipe's component and very important also the import because as I mentioned
the import statement is not related to angular or to modules at all.
That's a pure language feature because if we define that we want to have the recipe's component in this
array Indiana we only put the type of our own class here and we need to tell types come to where to
find to type.
So that's the recipe's component.
We will also have the recipes start component here.
That's the first component which gets loaded by our router when we visit this recipe component.
So our child Raud I should say then we also have the recipe list component.
We have the recipe added component and we have the recipe detail component also add all these imports
of course.
Now that should be all our recipe related components.
Let's now go to the app module and remove them from here.
So recipes start an added recipe item detail and list and the recipes component itself.
So there are six components we removed here.
If we check that in the recipes module Yep the recipe item component is missing.
So with that now we basically moved all recipe related components from the module to our feature module
the recipe's module here.
Now what about the recipe service you're in the module in the provider's array.
Well we should leave that here in the app marshal because the recipe's service is not only used by the
recipes feature area.
We use it from Obert parts and the application to for example from the header when we store data.
We reach out to the data storage service and if we have a look at the data storage service year well
we will see that we call and use the recipe service we inject that year and then we use it in the service.
So that is why we should not move the recipe service we need to provide it here and our whole application.
Now as a side note technically if you were to move it to the recipe service it the recipe module excuse
me it would still work because all modules getting loaded at application launch will be merged into
one root injectors.
So we would still basically move the provided service back to the root level automatically that's the
default behavior of Angler and it will come back to this in a later lecture still in most cases you
shouldn't move the service to a feature module and especially not here where you definitely want to
use it in your whole application.
So we will leave the service here.
Now when we have a look at all the our parts here in our model do you see anything else we might want
to move to our future marshal to the recipe's module.
Well I see at least one thing I should move and the one thing we should copy.
The one thing we should move is the recipes form's module because we clearly don't use that here in
our at module.
The only place where we need access to these reactive form directives is an hour and recipe added component.
And that clearly belongs to our recipes Marchal.
So I will remove it from here and therefore we can remove the import from an English Fornes.
The same is of course true for all the other imports regarding the recipe related components.
We don't need them here anymore because we never use the types we would import here or anywhere in this
file.
And the one thing which we would want to copy is to drop down directive because we used that dropdown
directive in our recipe components to any recipe detail component where we have that drop down allowing
us to well select what we want to do with our recipe here.
This dropdown.
So therefore in the recipe module we should add our dropdown directive here and also add to import and
we should add the order aere which again just because it's so important is not to be mistaken with the
imports up here with these import statements imports is something which will be recognized by angular.
So this imports year which basically defines which our modules you want to use in this module.
And you only ever you want to use there for now is the reactive forms module though it will not be the
only module.
There is one more thing and that is something you have to keep in mind.
You have to add in every feature module.
That's the common module.
Well to be precise you don't have to add that to every feature module but what the common module does
is it gives you access to these common directives like Engy glass Engy for NGF.
And chances are pretty high that basically every feature module you have will use one of these directives
and some of its components.
So you should make sure to add the common module.
Also make sure to add the imports to these built in modules and import them from the respective angular
packages.
And with that our recipe module is already taking shape.
Now if you have a look at the app Marchal you might recognize that there we don't have a common module
in the imports array.
We only have that browser module here.
Now the reason why we don't have common module about browser module is the browser module is a module
which basically contains all the features of the common module and then some additional features which
are only needed at the point of time the application starts and therefore are only needed in the app
module and therefore you should only use browser module in the app module and common module in all our
modules.
So thats our recipe module and if we now try to add to import off our recipes module to the app module
lets see what happens.
So import recipe's module and also add the import statement at the top.
And now let's save as we have N-G surfs still running and let's see if our application is broken or
if it still works if we have a look.
We see we get an error and the error messages Bridie Cleator dropdown directive is part of the declarations
of two modules.
Recipe module and AB module and that's correct.
We did declare our dropdown directive both here in the app module and in the recipes module.
And that is not allowed.
You must not declare components pipes or directives in more than one module.
You can import the same module into module.
You can't provide the same service into modules but you must not duplicate your declarations.
So we have to remove dropdown they're active here and guess what.
Let's see.
It should still work and I will explain why in a second.
So now have dropped down directive removed.
We could see if that works but we will get another error regarding the routing because you have to keep
in mind that in our recipes component we also have a router outlet and whilst we do define our routes
here in the app module we import the routing module here and the imports.
That is not enough.
That doesn't travel down to our recipe module.
Keep in mind a module is only able to use what we define in that module.
Services are kind of an exception.
But regarding Alber modules and components and so on only what's declared and imported here can be used
in this module.
So therefore this is not working with the routing.
I will have a look at how we can put the routing regarding the routes related recipes into our recipe
feature in the next lecture